Python preparing to code (#124)
Ada-Developers-Academy/jump-start: preparing-to-code/README.md

In these lessons you will learn how to navigate Mac OS X, learn about the languages that we teach at Ada Developers Academy, start using the terminal, and setup your development environment.

| Order | Lesson                                                |
| :---- | :---------------------------------------------------- |
| 03    | [Effective Internet Searching](./internet-searching/) |

> | 04    | [macOSX Keyboard navigation](./keyboard-navigation/)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 04    | [macOS Keyboard navigation](./keyboard-navigation/)   |
```

| 05    | [Programming languages](./ada-languages)              |
| 06    | [Terminal](./terminal/)                               |
| 07    | [Environment Setup](./environment-setup/)             |

**Notes**

> If you are *an applicant and do not currently have a machine with Mac OS X*, please complete the lessons on [Effective Internet Searching](./internet-searching/) and [Programming languages](./ada-languages). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are _an applicant and do not currently have a machine with macOS_, please complete the lessons on [Effective Internet Searching](./internet-searching/) and [Programming languages](./ada-languages). 
```

To set up your computer on macOS install the following:

* [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/)
* [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) - Install Homebrew using the terminal.  Homebrew is a package manager you can use to install applications or programming languages/libraries.  Software developers often use Homebrew to install applications

> * **Python** - Install the latest stable released version of Python version 3 using Homebrew with the command in terminal `brew install python`

Reviewer: Yessss!  No version manager!
